Open Challenges under Gamification.
p02
This is the Challenge Board.
p03
WashCentral turns your everyday targets into a running competition here,
p04
with points on the line and a deadline on every one.
p05
It's what keeps a crew pushing when the lobby goes quiet.
p06
Start at the top.
p07
Five numbers sum up the whole program at a glance:
p08
how many challenges exist, how many are live, how many finished,
p09
how many are about to start, and how many slipped past their deadline.
p10
One row, and you know where the program stands.
p11
Glance down the Gamification group.
p12
Six pages sit together: the board you're on,
p13
plus the leaderboard, targets, prizes, a recognition feed, and pulse surveys.
p14
Today we stay on Challenges.
p15
Just know the rest of the program lives one click away.
p16
Now the board itself, Active and Upcoming Challenges.
p17
Three controls sit up top: Active, All, and Completed.
p18
They only change what you're looking at, never the data underneath.
p19
And that green New Challenge button?
p20
Leave it alone today.
p21
Building challenges is a manager's job.
p22
Take the first live card.
p23
A ring shows how far along the team is.
p24
Beside it, the reward in points, who it's for, when it ends, and how many days are left.
p25
Then the hard number: washes done against the goal.
p26
That's the whole story of the challenge in one glance.
p27
Look lower on the same card.
p28
A cluster of avatars and a headcount tell you who's taking part.
p29
Off to the right, the current leader and their score.
p30
So a technician can answer two questions fast:
p31
how's the team doing, and who's out front.
p32
The other two live cards read exactly the same way.
p33
One tracks upsell dollars, another tracks attendance.
p34
Only the metric and its unit change from card to card.
p35
Learn one card and you've learned them all.
p36
Below the live ones, the challenges warming up.
p37
Same shape, but instead of progress you get a start date and the rule for winning.
p38
Each one carries an Edit button.
p39
That's a manager's control, so we read it and move on.
p40
At the end of that row, a dashed tile invites you to create a new challenge.
p41
It's the second door into the same builder.
p42
We're reviewing, not building, so we leave it closed.
p43
Now try the All view.
p44
The board widens to every challenge, while the numbers up top hold steady.
p45
Notice what didn't happen: nothing was edited or sent.
p46
You're just changing the lens.
p47
Switch to Completed.
p48
Here are the challenges that already wrapped,
p49
and the count lines up with the Completed figure you read at the top.
p50
This is where you'd look back to see how a past competition landed.
p51
Click back to Active.
p52
The live and upcoming cards return, right where they were.
p53
Three views, one board, and switching between them never touches a thing.
p54
So that's Gamification.
p55
The KPIs count the whole program,
p56
the Active view shows what's live and what's coming,
p57
and every card reads the same once you know the pattern.
p58
When you need the wider picture,
p59
the leaderboard, targets, prizes, recognition, and surveys are right there in the sidebar.
p60
Read the board, point people to it, and leave the building to the managers.